How does the grade distribution look by teacher? Are there teachers who are failing a dispropor- tionate number of students?
Do your assessment policies create opportunities for students to demonstrate mastery, or do they cause students to feel overwhelmed and fall off track?
Targeting Students  How many students have you identified for Success Team intervention? Does this number fall in the 15 - 25 range for Tier 2 supports? Are there students who are really Tier 3 being included into Tier 2 supports?
Intervention Implementation  Who will implement the intervention?
Who will coordinate the intervention (logistics)?
Who will own the tracking of the interventions effectiveness?
What does successful implementation look like?
Does your tracking tool allow you to aggregate point-in-time data in different ways so that you can accurately monitor targeted student progress?
What is your timeline for course correction?
(What is your evidence?) What parts of your implementation plan can you tweak for even greater success?
Is it an implementation fidelity issue?
Are there other school programs initiatives competing with effective implementation?
Are teachersowners aware of implement- ation procedures?
Is there sufficient and reasonable time to implement the intervention?
Is the intervention publicized effectively to appropriate stakeholders?
Have you implement- ed the intervention long enough?
Is it a student participation issue?
How are students held accountable for not participating?
Do they see the results of their participation?
Are students encour- aged by multiple adults to participate?
Does the intervention respect student time and effort?
Is the intervention viewed as punitive?
Is the issue a mismatch between the intervention and student needs?
Does the intervention provide supports for students struggling academically?
Is the intervention frequent enough to be effective?
How was the intervention selected? Based on identified student need?
a Ye Med atom aare la cannot be addressed by a Success Team intervention?
Data Components Key To Successful Implementation What data structures and practices, if addressed, will increase your teams efficacy in improving student achievement?
Who can provide the grade-level, course, and student-level data you need?
Can you manipulate data into a teacher- friendly format?
Do you have or make time to manipulate the data into a teacher- friendly format?
Cintentionally or randomly) Is your tracking tool useful for highlighting trends in participation and its effect on achievement?
Intervention implementation data TUTORING  Are teachers actually tutoring students providing academic support?
How are students provided with work to complete during tutoring?
If tutoring is admin- istered by external partners, how is communication of student needs and course expectations shared with them?
What information are mentors provided with to drive their mentoring sessions?
Are mentors able to advocate profes- sionally with their colleagues?
Does your teams analysis of inter- vention data lead to action toward increasing student achievement?
What are the underlying values that influence the quality of our interventions?
Whats at stake? What What action do  need to  Who can help me and do  hope will happen take to bring this change  what do! need from What evidence will tell as a result of this change to fruition? them? our team were on the in our teams practice? right track with the intervention?
